2 - low pass filter is smoothing an image
high pass filter is sharpening an image
read more about this by googling high pass vs low pass

11 - The Fourier Transform is used if we want to access the geometric characteristics of a spatial domain image. 
Because the image in the Fourier domain is decomposed into its sinusoidal components, it is easy to examine or
 process certain frequencies of the image, thus influencing the geometric structure in the spatial domain.

In most implementations the Fourier image is shifted in such a way that the DC-value (i.e. the image mean)
 F(0,0) is displayed in the center of the image. The further away from the center an image point is,
 the higher is its corresponding frequency. 

 For cameraman
 The result shows that the image contains components of all frequencies, but that their magnitude gets smaller
  for higher frequencies. Hence, low frequencies contain more image information than the higher ones. 
  The transform image also tells us that there are mreo than two dominating directions in the Fourier image, 
   passing through the center. These originate from the regular patterns in the background of the original image. 

 For rectangle
 	The result shows that the image contains components of all frequencies, but that their magnitude gets smaller 
 	for higher frequencies. Hence, low frequencies contain more image information than the higher ones. 
 The transform image also tells us that there are two dominating directions in the Fourier image, one passing vertically
  and one horizontally through the center. These originate from the regular patterns in the background of the original 
  image. 

  12 - fftshift(fft(rand(1,5)))
  	Swap the left and right halves of a row vector. 
  	If a vector has an odd number of elements, then the middle element is considered part of the left half of the vector.

  	fftshift(fft(rand(1,6)))
  	Swap the left and right halves of a row vector. 
  	If a vector has an even number of elements, then we just swap left and right halves
